[DOCS] rewording the installation overview (#11090)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/installing-openvino-overview.md

# Overview {#openvino_docs_install_guides_overview}

Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit is a comprehensive toolkit for developing applications and solutions based on deep learning tasks, such as: emulation of human vision, automatic speech recognition, natural language processing, recommendation systems, etc. It provides high-performance and rich deployment options, from edge to cloud. Some of its advantages are:

* Enabling CNN-based deep learning inference on the edge.
* Supporting various execution modes across Intel® technologies: Intel® CPU, Intel® Integrated Graphics, Intel® Neural Compute Stick 2, and Intel® Vision Accelerator Design with Intel® Movidius™ VPUs.
* Speeding time-to-market via an easy-to-use library of computer vision functions and pre-optimized kernels.

## Installation Options

Since the 2022.1 release, the OpenVINO installation package has been separated into two parts: OpenVINO Runtime and OpenVINO Development Tools. See the following instructions to choose your installation process.
### Decide What to Install

> **If you have already finished your model development and want to deploy your applications on various devices, [install OpenVINO Runtime](installing-openvino-runtime.md)**. It contains a set of libraries for easy inference integration with your products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you have already finished your model development and want to deploy your applications on various devices, [install OpenVINO Runtime](installing-openvino-runtime.md)**, which contains a set of libraries for easy inference integration with your products.
```

> **If you want to download, convert, optimize, and tune pre-trained deep learning models**, [install OpenVINO Development Tools](installing-model-dev-tools.md), which provides the following tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you want to download models from [Open Model Zoo](../model_zoo.md), [convert your own models to OpenVINO IR](../MO_DG/Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide.md) or [optimize and tune pre-trained deep learning models](../optimization_guide/model_optimization_guide.md)**, [install OpenVINO Development Tools](installing-model-dev-tools.md), which provides the following tools:
```

### Choose Your Installation Method

For Python developers, you can [install OpenVINO from PyPI](installing-openvino-pip.md), which contains both OpenVINO Runtime and Development Tools, while requiring fewer steps. 

For C++ developers, you may choose one of the following installation options for OpenVINO Runtime on your specific operating system:

> * Linux: You can install OpenVINO Runtime using an [Installer](installing-openvino-linux.md), [APT](installing-openvino-apt.md), [YUM](installing-openvino-yum.md), [Anaconda Cloud](installing-openvino-conda.md), or [Docker](installing-openvino-docker-linux.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Linux: You can install OpenVINO Runtime using an [Installer](installing-openvino-linux.md), [APT](installing-openvino-apt.md), [YUM](installing-openvino-yum.md), [Anaconda Cloud](installing-openvino-conda.md) or [Docker](installing-openvino-docker-linux.md).
```

> * Windows: You can install OpenVINO Runtime using an [Installer](installing-openvino-windows.md), [Anaconda Cloud](installing-openvino-conda.md), or [Docker](installing-openvino-docker-windows.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Windows: You can install OpenVINO Runtime using an [Installer](installing-openvino-windows.md), [Anaconda Cloud](installing-openvino-conda.md) or [Docker](installing-openvino-docker-windows.md).
```

* macOS: You can install OpenVINO Runtime using an [Installer](installing-openvino-macos.md) or [Anaconda Cloud](installing-openvino-conda.md).
* [Raspbian OS](installing-openvino-raspbian.md).

> > **NOTE**: With the introduction of the 2022.1 release, the OpenVINO Development Tools can be installed **only** via PyPI. See [Install OpenVINO Development Tools](installing-model-dev-tools.md) for detailed steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: From the 2022.1 release, OpenVINO Development Tools can be installed **only** via PyPI. See [Install OpenVINO Development Tools](installing-model-dev-tools.md) for detailed steps.
```
